[stubtest] Improve `allowlist` docs with better example (#20007)
python/mypy: docs/source/stubtest.rst

before stubtest will run. Despite potential overlap in errors here, stubtest is
not intended as a substitute for running mypy directly.

Allowlist
*********

If you wish to ignore some of stubtest's complaints, stubtest supports a
pretty handy :option:`--allowlist` system.

Let's say that you have this python module called ``ex``:

.. code-block:: python

   try:
       import optional_expensive_dep
   except ImportError:
       optional_expensive_dep = None

   first = 1
   if optional_expensive_dep:
       second = 2

Let's say that you can't install ``optional_expensive_dep`` in CI for some reason,
but you still want to include ``second: int`` in the stub file:

.. code-block:: python

    first: int
    second: int

In this case stubtest will correctly complain:

.. code-block:: shell

   error: ex.second is not present at runtime
   Stub: in file /.../ex.pyi:2
   builtins.int
   Runtime:
   MISSING

   Found 1 error (checked 1 module)

To fix this, you can add an ``allowlist`` entry:

> .. code-block: ini

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: ini
```

   # Allowlist entries in `allowlist.txt` file:

   # Does not exist if `optional_expensive_dep` is not installed:
   ex.second

And now when running stubtest with ``--allowlist=allowlist.txt``,
no errors will be generated anymore.

Allowlists also support regular expressions.
They might be useful to ignore many similar errors at once.

> If some CI workers have ``optional_expensive_dep`` installed stubtest will complain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can also be useful for suppressing stubtest errors that occur sometimes,
but not on every CI run. For example, if some CI workers have
``optional_expensive_dep`` installed, stubtest might complain with this message
on those workers if you had the ``ex.second`` allowlist entry:
```

> .. code-block: ini

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: ini
```

   note: unused allowlist entry ex.second
   Found 1 error (checked 1 module)

> Changing ``ex.second`` to be ``(ex\.second)?`` will make this error optional.
> And stubtest will not fail with and without ``optional_expensive_dep``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing ``ex.second`` to be ``(ex\.second)?`` will make this error optional,
meaning that stubtest will pass whether or not a CI runner
has``optional_expensive_dep`` installed.
```
